Update changelog [ECR-3516] (#1560)
exonum/exonum: CHANGELOG.md

  support of dynamic adding new service types (aka artifacts) and starting new
  instances of services.

  For details see [`runtime` module docs][runtime-docs].

  [runtime-docs]: https://docs.rs/exonum/0.13.0/exonum/runtime/index.html

#### Migration guide

There are a lot of backward-incompatible changes introduced within 0.13 release,
so for the best effort you can compare `cryptocurrency` example service versions
for [0.12.1][crypt-0-12] and [0.13.0][crypt-0-13] releases.

[crypt-0-12]: https://github.com/exonum/exonum/blob/v0.12.1/examples/cryptocurrency/
[crypt-0-13]: https://github.com/exonum/exonum/blob/v0.13/examples/cryptocurrency/

Key points:

- Merkledb schema is now declarative and can contain indices as fields.

- Access to the database is now isolated for services.
  Service can't get a write access to other service or blockchain schema.

- Transactions don't have an `execute` method anymore. Instead, service defines
  and implements an interface trait which contain all the business logic.

- Services aren't launched at the node start by default. For launching a
  service, consider using an [`exonum-launcher`][launcher] tool.

> 

Reviewer: Nit: I think that we should add paragrapth about services with configuration.

  [launcher]: https://github.com/exonum/exonum-launcher

#### Important PRs for Dynamic Services

<!-- markdownlint-disable no-inline-html -->
<details>

>     <summary>Under the spoiler you can find list of pull requests

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <summary>Below you can find a list of pull requests
```

>     which have significant meaning for the Dynamic Services

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    which have significant meaning for the implementation of the Dynamic Services
```

>     feature implementation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    feature.
```

    Pull requests are ordered chronologically.</summary>

- #1253: Interface mocks for dynamic services

- #1263: Add new rust services interface

- #1261: Basic dispatcher functionality

- #1275: Dynamic services integration

- #1345: Implement a new `Transaction` trait [ECR-3222]

- #1361: FIrst step of persistent dynamic services implementation [ECR-3276]

- #1371: Basic supervisor service implementation [ECR-3291], [ECR-3298]

- #1376: Restore system API endpoints

- #1389: Check and improve messages verification procedure [ECR-3272]

- #1446: Service interfaces MVP. [ECR-3474], [ECR-3484]

- #1467: Implement Configure interface [ECR-3306]

- #1473: Extract supervisor service from core

- #1482: Add shutdown method into runtime trait

- #1484: Implement configuration update logic in Supervisor [ECR-3583]

- #1492: Do start and initialize service at single step [ECR-3222]

- #1537: Finalize Exonum-derive macros [ECR-3800]

- #1538: Supervisor modes [ECR-3794] [ECR-3771]

</details>
<!-- markdownlint-enable no-inline-html -->

> #### Dynamic services implementation full history

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Full History of the Dynamic Services Implementation 
```

<!-- markdownlint-disable no-inline-html -->
<details>

>     <summary>Under the spoiler you can find list of all pull requests related

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <summary>Below you can find a list of all pull requests related
```

>     to the Dynamic Services feature implementation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    to the implementation of the Dynamic Services feature.
```

  - For `Hash` keys both map variants works the same, because `ObjectHash`
  implementation for `Hash` returns the hash itself.

#### exonum-cli

- `exonum-cli` now provides a public reexport of `structopt` crate (#1461).

> ### Internal improvements

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Internal Improvements
```

#### exonum

- `system/v1/shutdown` endpoint has been modified and now accepts empty POST
  requests. (#1526)

> - `keys` module was moved into `exonum-keys` crate. (#1497)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `keys` module has been moved into `exonum-keys` crate. (#1497)
```

#### exonum-merkledb

- `ProofListIndex::extend()` method has been refactored, leading to up to 10x
  performance improvements for large lists. (#1455)

> - Proofs building mechanisms were heavily refactored. (#1460)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Proofs building mechanisms have been heavily refactored. (#1460)
```

### Bug Fixes

#### exonum

> - Localhost ports 8080/8081 became allowed in CORS within `run-dev` mode. (#1415)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Localhost ports 8080/8081 are now allowed in CORS within the `run-dev` mode. (#1415)
```
